docs: PCP-1327 fixed VMware section in the cluster section (#1362)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12-enterprise-version/00-on-prem-system-requirements.md

## Prerequisites

The following are prerequisites for deploying a Kubernetes cluster in VMware:

> * vCenter version 7.0 or above. vSphere 6.7 is supported but not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* vSphere version 7.0 or above. vSphere 6.7 is supported but not recommended as it reached end of general support in 2022.
```
